lua: provide old trigger API with name (#9163)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8659-named-triggers copy.md

## feature/lua

> * All triggers are provided with optional name (gh-8659).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All triggers are now provided with optional names (gh-8659).
```
